So as a last example here I'll make my max class here a little bit shorter so that it only works like
this or get rid of this console log on.
That's all fine and knowing when to create a new class and I would trade that here at the top.
I'll name it helper that let's say this class where I have a certain method which I want to use for
all my killed that really is a helper class.
I don't want to create objects off this blueprint.
I don't want to instantiate it.
I want to be able to access the help or Muffat method like let's say it has a method called lock twice
.
This will take a message as an input.
No it does is it prints the message to the console to times like that.
Now if I want to use this helper class I still have to kind of do this I have to instantiate it and
then I can call helper log.
Why is locked and if I now run we see a lot two times but that's bad or not what I want I don't want
to have to instantiate it here.
It would be better if I had a call that could call like this helper lock twice directly on the class
.
While this does work what do you think will happen.
I had run we get an error that this is not a function.
And the reason for this is this just doesn't work like this.
We can't access a method on a class directly.
We have to create an object of that class but like in many languages there is a special keyword the
static keyword which makes a method static which means you may access it without instantiating this
class for us so without creating an object of that class for just so by simply adding this static keyword
.
If I now had run it works and I can access this locked wise method without instantiating the helper
class and this is of course great especially for things like this when creating syringing certain helper
classes place where you want to bundle certain functionalities.
Then you can use static to make methods available throughout your code without having to instantiate
this class or Clate create an object of that class that is really super helpful.